_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

updated all of the initial information

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: saidul_1.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Toronto, Canada</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a Master's student in Computer Science at [York University](https://www.yorku.ca), specializing in **Natural Language Processing (NLP)** and **Information Visualization (Vis)**. My research is focused on applying natural language processing techniques to information visualization to further enhance the comprehensibility and accessibility of visualizations, i.e., charts, graphs, etc. 

Part of my role as a Master's student is being a **Teaching Assistant** for the **EECS 1022: Object Oriented Programming**, and a **Research Assistant**, working in NLP with Vis. Outside of the university work, I am also actively participating in collaborative research works, focusing on the evaluation of **Large Language Models** in both **multi-lingual** and **multi-modal** domains. In my leisure, I like to read books, play video games, and cook &#128516;.
